in an age of great hopes and daring
dreams Sunday I would be a knight like
father yes when you're old enough Kaylie
a brave Quest is about to begin
I won't go on grand adventures I want to
go Camelot
Warner Brothers family entertainment
presents quest for Camelot a story of
wizardry and Wonder rebels and romance
danger so scary an enchanted dime
Excalibur has given us the strength to
stand together against all injustice
making it cover hey who turned out the
night
a dark night they should get a doorbell
no they should get a new door Arthur and
his kingdom a brave girl that girl is
dangerous you can say that again
why would I repeat myself lizard lips
and amazing warriors caliber only
belongs in the hands of Arthur we're
going off these dies to the woods yet
it's the Middle Ages nobody's out of the
woods yet a magical dragon with two
points of view
me or what I do if I did
have you and a journey to rescue a magic
sword we're not going where are we whoa
Warner Brothers family entertainment is
proud to present its newest Animated
Feature
featuring songs by Grammy Award winner
David Foster and Academy Award winner
Carole Bayer Sager and performed by
LeAnn Rimes Steve berry Celine Dion the
khoi's and Brian White like a bridge
join the adventure witness the wonder
reaching for the skies share the romance
quest for Camelot I can see it all now
Cornwall and Devon star in Devon and
cornets it I want separate contracts